The time and date displayed on the intra indicate the deadline for your submission. Past that deadline, you won’t be able to hand in anything more. These time and date also indicate the start of the peer-evaluation period for the corresponding C Piscine date. This peer-evaluation period lasts exactly 24hrs. Once those 24hrs are up, your missing peer-grading will become 0s and you’ll receive Moulinette’s grade.
Using a forbidden function is considered cheating. Cheaters get -42, and this grade is non-negotiable.
If ft_putchar() is an authorized function, we will compile your code with our ft_putchar.c.
You’ll only have to submit a main() function if we ask for a program.
 Moulinette compiles with these flags: -Wall -Wextra -Werror, and uses gcc.
If your program doesn’t compile, you’ll get 0.
You cannot leave any additional file in your directory than those specified in the subject.
Norminator must be launched with the -R CheckForbiddenSourceHeader flag. Moulinette will use it too.
For the following exercises, you have to use the following structure :
typedef struct            s_list
{
    struct s_list            *next;
    void                *data;
}                t_list;
You’ll have to include this structure in a file ft_list.h and submit it for each exercise.
From exercise 01 onward, we’ll use our ft_create_elem, so make arrangements (it could be useful to have its prototype in a file ft_list.h...).
For the following exercises, we’ll use the following structure :
typedef struct            s_btree
{
             struct s_btree        *left;
             struct s_btree        *right;
             void            *item;
}                t_btree;
You’ll have to include this structure in a file ft_btree.h and submit it for each exercise.
From exercise 01 onward, we’ll use our btree_create_node, so make arrangements (it could be useful to have its prototype in a file ft_btree.h...).

